Docs: Split fetch data topic in two (#1115)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/data-source-plugins/fetch-data-from-frontend.md

---
id: fetch-data-from-frontend

> title: Fetch data from frontend code to data source plugin using the data proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fetch data from frontend code in a data source plugin using the data proxy
```
